I became an Outreachy Intern under the Linux Kernel on the last of May 2022, which means, it’s almost a month. My project is “Linux kernel Networking API and selftest improvements”.

Let me explain that, This project comprises a mix of small to medium  tasks in the kernel networking subsystem - Improvements and cleanup to the kernel networking selftests, API enhancements and kernel maintenance tooling improvements

Linux kernel networking selftests are growing by the day. There is a need for standardized test modules or libraries for test code reuse. Tasks in this project involve researching how tests differ. Pulling common code from tests into its own libraries/modules. Unifying logging and test execution. After getting more comfortable with the selftest environment, we have tasks around building generic network topologies for selftests to use. Every selftest today creates its own network topology and many of these are similar and are copied over from one test to another. The goal here is to extract functionality from the path MTU discovery self-test suite and make it re-usable, and maintainable, as a foundation to quickly write core networking self-tests. This goal should be supported by writing a number of test cases on top of this foundation, with the purpose of proving the usability of this foundation as well as to improve coverage of networking self-tests. 

Now my main project though, I started on it and i am super excited, Last but not least in this blog session, in the famous words of Marianne Williamson, always remember that “Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us.”
